feat: narratives viewer (#14)
EOPF-Explorer/landing-page: index.md

This initiative addresses the critical need for efficient access and visualisation of Sentinel data as ESA transitions to the new EOPF Zarr format for Copernicus Earth Observation data.

<div class="large-space"></div>

> ### Engaging Visualizations & Interactive Features
> 
> Navigate through our engaging visualizations to experience how EOPF Sentinel Zarr facilitates effortless exploration of Sentinel data right in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dynamic Data Visualisation and Storytelling

Experience how EOPF Sentinel Zarr powers effortless exploration of Sentinel data and embedding of visualisations into stories and feature maps, straight from the products in cloud storage.
```
